hey what's going on family at his sick
chick vlogs I wanted to come and share
this story with you guys that I saw on
my Facebook page and I thought it was
kind of you know kind of out there in
kind of bizarre well it's not really
bizarre but I thought it was kind of
off-the-wall and I wanted to come and
share with you guys okay so there's this
story going around on Facebook that
there's this beautician who is under
wraps for cutting the braids out of this
little girl's hair and I'm going to
explain you the reason why she says if
she did it because she did release his
statement you know letting everybody
know why she cut the braids out of the
girls hair and I will tell you what I
think about the story afterwards okay so
the story goes that this particular
little girl's mom called this lady who
was a beautician I'm assuming that they
probably knew each other previously or
maybe she did the little girl's hair
before or maybe it was just somebody
that she looked in the phone book and
saw that this person does hair and she
decided that she wanted to call this
person and get them to do her on her
baby's hair whatever so the mother calls
her and the lady tells are okay well
I'll meet you at the shop edge you know
whatever time so what happens is the
mother takes a little girl to the shop
the mother doesn't even go inside the
shop with the little girl she sends the
little girl in the shop by herself and
the lady does her hair another lady said
she was actually there like I want to
have waiting on them from it's time she
told her to be there so that best red
flag number one you got me sitting here
waiting on you I want to have before you
even show it when I could have been
doing somebody else's hair but I digress
so the little girl walks in there by
herself
and the mother calls the lady on the
phone and tells the lady look I'll come
back just call me when you almost done
and I'll come pick her up or whatever so
the lady said takes her like nine hours
to the girl hair or something like that
it was like you know I guess maybe eight
hours because she was sitting up like an
hour and a half but I will shit I will
put the link in the description box so
you can read it herself but is it a link
cuz I actually read this on a blog
anyway I just want to ask you guys
opinion on this um so she's and they're
doing little girls hair she says she's
halfway done she says he has like an
hour or so left before she's done so she
says she calls the mother and everything
like that unless the mother know you
know that I'm almost done with this
little girl hamster she said when she
called her the lady didn't
then you know answer the phone so she
says she texts her again she said a lady
text back she was like okay what time to
come pick her up she's like okay I'll be
there so she said she gets dumped a
little girl hair and they sitting there
waiting again for another hour on this
woman to come pick up her daughter so
the lady eventually takes her back she
was like well I'm not gonna be able to
make it there on time so I'm gonna send
her dad bear to get her so the dad come
wasn't that cheap cheap the dad is
supposedly supposed to come and get the
little girl the dad doesn't show up so
eventually the lady tells her what can
you bring her to my house that's what's
making me think that it may be this lady
knew the beautician or something because
I mean I really know too many be
tensions this you know dropping patience
dropping clients off a the house or
whatever so she proceeds to take the
little girl to her mom's house but the
mom wasn't even home see the little girl
total well my grandmother lives right
here so I could go to my grandmother's
house so she drops a little girl off at
her grandma's house and the little girl
goes inside so she's outside calling her
mom like okay you've been there bring me
my money or what the lady ain't
answering the phone the lady is not
answering her phone calls or her tapes
so she goes inside to get the little
girl like um you know where's your mom
she was like well nobody's here with us
and you know some more kids and I sold
her only people that are here are you
and the children so what she proceeds to
do because she's steadily trying to call
the mom and the mom is ignoring her
phone calls and all this stuff so what
she does she goes in the house she tells
a little girl to come outside of she
proceeds to cut the braids out of the
girls hair now she didn't cut the girls
real hair she I guess from my
understanding she cut the braids you
know as you would cut them out of your
hair when you're taking your hair out
because the way that the braids weren't
there was some kind of they were planted
down to her hair but they were you know
they hair whatever they weren't like her
real hair anything but they weren't the
type of braids that take you know the
single braids they were actually the
little little little small braids
that's braided on so you're here but
anyway so the lady cuts the braids out
of the little girls here now
my question to you guys is and I gotta
shoot under wraps
footies for cutting the brains out of
the spearhead so my question to you guys
do you think she was wrong for cutting
the brains out of the girl's hair
personally
I understand being a beautician
especially spending that much time on a
person's hair because like I said she
did well he's the same when she said you
know I'm a beautician I spent nine hours
doing this little girl's hair only for
her mom's to basically try to play me
and basically get a free hair hair dude
but I mean personally I feel like you
know she could have handled things a
little bit better
granted I understand that the mom was
dead wrong for that pin number one she
would have paid me one way or another I
would either got it off her ass or she
would have went to jail because I would
have called the police
okay it would've been one or two things
but I want to just went and cut the
braids out of the little girl's hair
that's just my personal opinion being a
professional because when you're in that
type of profession you know you have to
maintain a certain certain type of
professionalism now the mom was there
wrong on all levels I mean from level 1
to level 10 that bitch was there wrong
and I would have I would have got my
money off her ass or from her ass so she
would've gave me my money one way or
another okay but I would have probably
just called the cops and handled it that
way but she shouldn't lose some shit
what's peculiar number one okay I know a
lot of people drop their children also
get their hair done and they pay
afterwards but that's why a lot of
beauticians don't allow people to just
do that just drop their kids off and
leave them like that because number one
not only did you drop the child off and
leave her you won't tell me you can't
come pick her up so I gotta take her to
your house and when I get to the house
you ain't there so I gotta drop the
little girl off set around mom's house
and ain't nobody in the grandma's house
but these kids and you not answering no
phone calls no texts and then so yeah
you would have character asked to jail
on this day because I would have told
the police or to abandon your damn baby
in my shop I damn sure would have so you
would have paid me so I do think that
she was wrong on that you know
particular part of the spectrum as far
as going and cutting the brains I better
look girls here I think she should have
just called the cops
or suit the mom or something like that I
understand she probably wouldn't wanted
to go through those steps but she says
she literally spent nine hours on his
little girl's hair so I want to know
what is your opinion do you think she
was justified by cutting the braids out
of the little girl's hair or do you
think that she should have kept you know
proceeded with a different form of you
know trying to get our money back as far
as calling the cops or suing a lady or
something like that so number one like I
said I would have just called the cops
when the local girls were sending my
shot when they didn't come and pick her
up that's it and that's all so make sure
that you guys leave your comments on
what you would do in the description box
below and let me know what you think
about this do you think she was wrong do
you think she was right what would you
have done let me know
make sure you rate comment subscribe
because it is what 100% free animated
family